+++
author = "Mihir Pathak"
title = "Week 34/2024"
date = "2024-08-24"
description = "weekly notes"
tags = ["weekly-notes", "Personal"]
+++

#### 17th to 24th August 2024

--> Sunday Nidhi and I took a workshop at Vinoba Ashram on biodiversity. It was in collaboration with Amit bhai (paper ball education and Vinoba ashram). I was stressed because of home stuff and not sure if I can facilitate it or not. I was thinking about not going to the workshop but nidhi was very keen that you need to come. But I sent a msg to Amit bhai saying that I will not co facilitate, I am not in a good state of mind.In the morning we went, and when I saw children I couldn’t resist to go on the floor 🙂 

Also I wanted to support Nidhi. It went well. It was not a very well planned session but it was the first session and everything was new for Nidhi so she did planning according to her understanding. I gave very less time to planning. Next time we will do more tight planning. 

I can see Nidhi growing as a facilitator. She is opening up slowly. She needs to learn how to judge the group and decide the activities. 

Working with Amit bhai is a little bit difficult because of his expectations and ideas about the activities. But his intention is good so we will figure it out. We will figure out a way to work together.

Now the next workshop is on 2nd september so we need to work on the same. Topic is - ecosystem and interconnectedness

--> Monday we were at home only, did home set up the kitchen and other stuff. 

Tuesday we went to the office, Nidhi had a meeting with Amit bhai. Reflected on the session.

I did my pratham’s work. Evening we went to a restaurant. Amit bhai shared that Gulmahor will be not available for september so we have decided to work from home only.

--> Wed, Thu, Fri and Sat - not been to the office. Worked from home only. 

--> Work wise it was a good productive week. I completed most of my tasks. 

--> Whole week I woke around 7.30 to 7.40 (except today. Today I woke up at 8.13) and did stretching, reading for some time. Nidhi also woke up around 8 whole week. She also did stretching. I felt so happy that she did it without being negative. Today we did suryanamaskar together. It was fun. 

Nidhi made breakfast - lunch and dinner everyday. It was very good for my stomach and eating together was fun. 

--> We got Jio wifi on thursday. Now I can attend office calls without any limits and yes we can watch tv without any worry about data limit. It is useful and tempting both. We saw lage raho munna bhai and all india rank together (Golu, Nidhi, Mihir)

--> Working with golu is tough for me. Waking up late, being sleepy and not active in the morning, watching TV or mobile all the time, connecting everything with money - fame - success, not focusing on tasks, being negative in doing physical activity. Eating chilen, not sleeping without AC. I took all the things on my ego. I got stressed about how we will go forward with this mindset. 

Yesterday we had a good discussion about the future plan. How to do projects and prepare for the exam. We saw all the courses on the internet but he is not sure what to do. So we decided to do projects and prepare for the common university entrance exam. 

let's see how everything goes. I am hopeful. I also want to learn how to work with teenagers of this background. 

I saw that entrepreneurship is a common subject we like so we will do something about it. Today I gave him a challenge to sit without doing anything for two hours. Let's see he can do it. I will give 1k if I can. I know I should not introduce money in this but I can't help but think that other options are closed right now.

--> What else ? Other things are ok. Whenever I think about situations at home, I feel stressed so I am engaging myself in other tasks. Not thinking about it. I am looking forward to the session at sai’s angle - saturday club. Yesterday Neha from Moinee foundation called me for curriculum development work, I am looking forward to that also.
