+++
author = "Mihir Pathak"
title = "Week 37/2024"
date = "2024-09-14"
description = "weekly notes"
tags = ["weekly-notes", "Personal"]
+++

#### 7th to 14th Sep 2024

**Saturday :** 

- saturday evening Mitali ben came home and had a talk with Me and Nidhi sapratly 
after that we went to padra, had a talk with my parents. Main three things 

- golu should not live here. 
- Nidhi should come padra often (once a week) and help mummy 
- I need to save money / they needed some financial clearity 

meeting went well. 

**Sunday :**

- sunday morning me and Nidhi came to padra, satyed till evening. Evening we (Mihir, Nidhi, Golu) went to SAF (sai's angel foundation)
one girl got accedent there, so nidhi got occupied with that - XRay and other things.. I took session 'khoji club' I have praposed two ideas 

1. I will give seed money of 2k, start your own venture 
2. tell me whcih skills you want to learn / what project you want to do 

most of the children opted for skill thing - cooking, music, art, computer programming, stock market, pet care and more
I am so happy to see children's enthusism. Now we need to find resources for them. 

I shifited back to padra. 

**Monday :**

- Nidhi went to Mitali ben's school 

**Tuesday :**

- office work. In evening I met [Nihar Pandya](https://ccl.iitgn.ac.in/team/nihar-pandya) at Gulmahor
- My blood presure got down

**Wednesday :**

- went to hospital 
- office work 

**Thursday :**

- office work 

**Friday :**

- went to nidhi'd place and worked form there.
- it was difficult day for me. First of telling at home that I want to go at Nidhi's place. I was anxious. At nidhi's place it was difficult for me to listen golu's voice. I don't like the rude tone and other thing is whole routine stuff.. I can't see him like this. I shouldn't give this option of gap year. 

**what else ?**

- I randomly did msg to Yogen shah, wrong decision. His is just like I met him for so 10 years ago. 
- Pratham work is going good. Now I am confident about writing script, making poster and editing / making video in canva.
For canva part I still take help of Archi and Neha. They are pro. I need to play more with canva to make it normal for me. Just like I tinker with my website. 
- This sunday khoji club will not happen. I need to go for prayer of one relative. But children are very very excited. They ready with their tasks. 
I see big hope to this project. 
- Early bird approached for facilitating birdwalk in Vadodara. I am not sure we will able to do it or not. I will take final call today and email them. 
- I am learning to balance my time between work, Nidhi's place and parents place. 

- on Thursday I saw documentary on swami brahmvedantaji again. This is like 5th or 6th time. This I understood what is 'self - remembering' and what is the technique. 

- જે પણ કરો હોંશ થી કરો 
- જે પણ કરો એમાં તમારી હાજરી રહે એવી રીતે કરો 
- જે પણ કરો એમાં પણ રહેવાનું છે અને સાથે સાથે આપણું મૂળ સ્વરૂપ પણ યાદ રાખવાનું છે. 

there is real self without any filters. our ego is making this suffering more difficult. 
we need to remember our true self each movement. 

It's not too much gyan. It is simple practice. 

