+++
author = "Mihir Pathak"
title = "Week 36/2024"
date = "2024-09-07"
description = "weekly notes"
tags = ["weekly-notes", "Personal"]
+++

#### 31st August to 7th Sep 2024

- last saturday was working
- Sunday nidhi went to take a session at vinoba ashram with amit bhai. This time I stayed home. Took some rest.
If I go to a workshop it takes half of my Sunday and it's difficult to get a break on weekdays because of work.
It was difficult for me to decide because Nidhi needs support in session. But we had a chat and she agreed to go alone.
My evening session at sai's angel foundation got canceled because their office got flooded during heavy rains last to last week.

- Monday, Tuesday - hectic days at work
- Wednesday we went to Nisarag Upchar Kendra (Vinoba Ashram) to take naturopathy treatment for me and nidhi. It was a long due.
We got a new routine and diet. We need to Millets, fruits, soups :)

- Thursday, Friday - again busy days at work. Following a new routine is fun + a little difficult. Especially since there are three people at home.
all three need to eat different things. Golu don't like millets and things we eat without masala. So we need to cook for everyone differently.
Nidhi and my diet has some common elements

- Nidhi is trying to manage new routine and her work (taking sessions with children and planning for the sessions). Right now most of her time is going in to cooking

- During the rains washing machine got damaged. Repair guy came yesterday and fixed it. It was a panel issue. I didn't give much attention..
- at the parents front : Mitali ben had a talk with my parents and now we need to go to meet them on sunday. I am super anxious about what I will talk about...
According to mitali ben they are ready for marriage.

They just want
- ki me Nidhi ko financial support na karu apne pese bacha ke rakhu :) basically financial security
- Nidhi jab bhi mere familiy valo se mile thoda friendly tarike se mile
- they are ok ki hum bahar rahe..

Let's see how it goes.

- This Sunday I have my 'khoji club' session planned.

What else ?

I am super frustrated with golu’s behavior. Talking in loud voice
Talking rudely with nidhi, seeing everything from lens of money.
Where I will get more money 
Which thing is more costly, I want to grab that because it is costly = good / status
Not getting uncomfortable in anything 

He is not following routine at all, all day watching reels or tarak mehta.. All day putting earphones in ears. Waking up like 10 - 11 everyday…

Actually I am ok with routine because, eventually he will get bored and find some activity to learn.
We gave some options like gym, swimming, coaching class for CUET exam, Ankur warikoo’s online course about communication, self learning math and other subjects

He is doing that online course sometimes, and sometimes he does self learning for math. 
But it is like 2 hrs a day.. All the other time goes on mobile.. 

I am doubtful that mobile phones will not give the opportunity to get bored. 
Let’s see…

Now I am feeling that we should have not called him here and let him do the college he was planning to do. Now it is too late

Few days ago my anger bursted and said something to golu which he didn’t like.
Today I will try to write a sorry email to him.
