+++
author = "Mihir Pathak"
title = "Week 38/2024"
date = "2024-09-20"
description = "weekly notes"
tags = ["weekly-notes", "Personal"]
+++

#### 14th to 21st Sep 2024

**Saturday :** 
- second Saturday was holiday at office. Did time pass, some office work, some personal emails and stuff
- I was little upset with nidhi because she is not following rution and aslo not taking action on sevral pending tasks
- bhagyshree came to Nidhi's place to give her surprise 
- mummy's health was not good, back pain. I requested nidhi to come over home to help her

**Sunday :**
Nidhi came to padra to help mummy. After that we had long discussion about why we need to follow rution, whe she needs to come padra regularly and other stuff, After that we went to zudio to buy dress for her. Birthday gift from mummy - papa. After taht we met bhagu, ankur,golu - teapost akota, naturals and home. teapost akota is nice place. 


**Monday :**
Morning office work
evening Nidhi and Golu came to padra. We celebrated Nidhi's birthday with our family and uncle's family. We went out for dinner.

**Tuesday :**

office work 

**Wednesday :**

office work 
evening me and nidhi went for awakin circle, met Rameshwari ben, Suraj, Nikita ben, Ashish bhai
Rachna mam invited me to take session at her department in MSU Vadodra

**Thursday :**

I had call with Karuna and ruchi from eklavya. We kick started work for Bal Vikas Course 7th batch
office work

**Friday :**

- office work
- went to Nisarga Upchar Kendra for my followup check in and mummy also came with me to show her backpain issuie
now we both will go for morning walk from tmw.


**What else?**

overall happening week. I am looking forward for khoji club on Sunday, call with srishti on Saturday, call with rachita on Thursday 
and yes next Saturday I am going to take session at MSU - Human Development Department 