+++
author = "Mihir Pathak"
title = "Week 35/2024"
date = "2024-08-31"
description = "weekly notes"
tags = ["weekly-notes", "Personal"]
+++

#### 24th to 31st August 2024

- [On saturday Nidhi took session at sai's angel foundation learning center](https://www.instagram.com/p/C_JA9BSonWH/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link&igsh=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==>)
- we did yoga on sunday, we had a 'Sunday Khoji Club' oriention meeting with sai's angel foundation children
- The whole week was full of heavy rains, floods, no milk, no vegitables, road full of water.
we were in at the home most of the time, some time in evning we went out together (Nidhi, Golu, Mihir)

- On the other side : uncle from Padra kept calling. Once nidhi had a long conversation with him. I didn't get the corage to talk to him

- because of rain, beaing awake till late and other factors our rution got off the track,
- We (Mihir & Nidhi) met Priyanka from Nature Classroom online on Tuesday
- I had a long call about my home situation with Mitali ben. Mom called her for help because I was not pickking up the calls.
actully it is good that she reched out to her. We have decided that I will call mom on sunday and next sunday me and mitali ben will go to my house
- Me and Nidhi had a long conversation about life, marrage, work, golu, childhood truma and all of that.. whcih is very very important for any relationship.
I am greatful to her for creating this safe space of sharing
- what else ? Pratham work is hectc but overall going good. I am learning new skills.

- I am feeling lost, self doubt is there, am I doing right ? am I on right path in realtionship and work ?
