+++
author = "Mihir Pathak"
title = "Week 5/2025"
date = "2025-01-31"
description = "weekly notes"
tags = ["weekly-notes", "Public", "2025"]
+++

#### 25th to 31st Jan 2025 (Saturday to Friday)

**Saturday :**

- [How Vinay Malge became the catalyst for Bidar's heritage revival | DH Changemakers 2025](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Zby_Sav6Y4)
- tried osm mapping
- did washing machine repairing at home with papa and mummy.  

**Sunday :**

- [session - Biology of Money in the morning](https://www.instagram.com/p/DFSsmjuscyh/?img_index=1)
- wrote summary about session published [blog post](https://learningwala.in/blog/biology-of-money/) and my prep note.

**Monday**

- watched arun ganesh's interview 
- spent time to study adhavana's work 
- I tried OSM Go app 

**Tuesday**

- Had short call with Thejesh GN about how to do survey of biodiversity / tree mapping. 
he shared tool called kobo tool box (https://www.kobotoolbox.org/)
- Vidit came from the canada for few months. He is super confused and stressed about going back to canada.He is analyzing that should he stay in india and do the job or should he go back to canda and do hardwork to save money and come back.. it's classic immigration conundrum. We had long discussion, we went to vadodra, had lunch at nice gujarati thali restaurant called Kathivadi Darbar - Alkapuri. After that we went to buy Monitor screen for me. It was a long pending task to finish. 

- we bought refurbished Dell E2421HN 24inch monitor in 5k and logitech wireless mouse and keyboard (K275) . I was very confusing during the shopping, I was comparing online price, which brand and technology to buy and everything... finally i took a plunge. it's nice quality not very slim and attractive like what I see online but it is decent. I am trying this new keyboard. It's a mechanical keyboard. After using thinkpad'd keyboard it is difficult to shift to any other keyboard. let's see how it goes. I think I will like it in sometime. 

**Wednesday**

- spent time in researching about the monitor. It is my habit. Which now I don't like. 
I keep researching and justifying my decision. In this case I keep justifying my step to not buying IPS monitor because it was costly (8k) and I don't need it because I am not doing gaming or graphic designing work. But when ever I read that IPS gives good color accuracy and it is good for eyes. At that time my mind goes mad and it tells me to go back to shop and give back the monitor and buy another one. 

- This confusion is very interesting. I am experimenting with it for low stack environment so I can learn and apply it in other situation also. I read about e - ink screens which seems best for the low eye strain and also for distraction free work. 
People are making [e- ink monitors](https://www.modos.tech/) and [tabs](https://daylightcomputer.com/). Some people are trying gray scale on their existing monitors and phones. I also tried gray scale on my ubuntu device. It took some time to find out right tool to do system wide gray scale. Thanks to chat GPT. It was fun experiment. 

- But this whole thing is about how brain works. How we are taking a decisions. What we prioritize and why. I was remembering Paras Chopra's mental models. Also thinking about cognitive basis. finally I had chat with chat GPT which gave me some peace :)

**Thursday**

- Abhijit was in Vadodra to take session at oasis. I went to vadodara to meet him. We had a lunch at kathiwadi darbar. This is second time I am going to kathiwadi darbar in same week. After lunch we went to visit Aditya's maker space 'Forrest of us'. They are doing very nice work. I am happily jalousie. At that day they were working on wast management of Vadodra marathon.

- I also return the monitor I have bought. I had talk with suchakra and he suggested to buy new [LG QHD monitor](https://www.amazon.in/LG-IPS-sRGB-Height-Adjust-Display/dp/B0BRQT57RC/ref=mp_s_a_1_10?crid=1H4NH4KLPIHXP&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9._T_qxcACiBpvKYmQSvgLsW4s0T3usIbvmqF8SRaqTAZgmWnAot7QBFC4w_L_7Yk126yZcmZo6wC6F2N4IFh4xu99ugCCcUuPqgybu-fdOhIPmTlBT3wDNqCPncem5er2gaNCjJlSokyZNYZY3G494MUKaWlimUjKyarCJZYXNvLuPohREB4SqZtimtiIB8pG5HbomJmwj40-e08oBVqQ6A.3w1owtm-qWWQ-HYXuIYhe21SIgrTQyiXSvKTTYbZyuc&dib_tag=se&keywords=benq+qhd+monitor+24+inches&nsdOptOutParam=true&qid=1738175044&sprefix=benq+qhd+monitor%2Caps%2C459&sr=8-10) which is good for reading, writing, coding. So I ordered at same shop in Vadodra. Suchakra also sponsored part of the total amount of the monitor as a marriage gift :) Very thoughtful gift...

- Got msg Radhika from Balgokulam. They are ready to hire my as learning facilitator. I was waiting for this confirmation since last 2 months. Finally it came. Now we need to finalize where should we go ? Kanisa or ahemdabd ?

in last weekly note I have written that we will not go for jashdan and join kanisa but now game is changed. 

&rarr; Stability & social life : ahemdabad is ok ok city. We can come to vadodara in two hours.
&rarr; Finance : salary + grant   
&rarr; Stimulation at work / meaningful work : it's seems interesting. Nature education for kindergarten children + I can continue sakha fellowship and local khoji work in vadodra. I can learn research part. It will be corporate style setting but I need to be flexible.
&rarr; Nidhi's work / working together :  she can come to balgokulam, she can join anusandhan ngo , we can find new places

we had a long call with Mitali ben. She also suggested to go ahemdabd. 
Now I need to think about winding up DEFY work in march and find out home and everything in ahemdabd. Still I am confuse, unsure, let's see.. universe will take care.

**Friday**

- Mostly spent time for office meetings/work.

- overall good week, 



