+++
author = "Mihir Pathak"
title = "Week 39/2024"
date = "2024-09-27"
description = "weekly notes"
tags = ["weekly-notes", "Personal"]
+++

#### 21st to 27th Sep 2024 (Saturday to Friday )

**Saturday :**

- had a morning call with srishti about status of unstructured studio (funding, scaling, impact and more) and life updates
- office work 

**Sunday :**
- I went to nidhi's place around 11 am, spend time there reading a book. Nidhi came around 1.30 pm from session 
- we had small fight about golu's learning and how we can help him. It is dificult for nidhi to do multitasking 
- evening 5 to 7pm we three went to SAF and facilitated khoji club
- we facilitated groups who wants to learn music, coding, sketching and wants to start food entrprise. it was fun
- came back to nidhi's place had long discussion about how to go forward about golu. becuse it is dificult for me to handle his behaviour, dificult to spend time with nidhi because of that

**Monday :**
- Nidhi came to padra. she did cooking with mummy. I was doing my office work. it was fun day.
- couldn't spend much time with family because of back to back meetings
- evening I dropped nidhi till auto. it was fun day. I thanked nidhi to come home, helping mummy. she had period that day, still she came.

**Tuesday :**

- office work mostly 


**Wednesday :**

- office work 
- I started my journey from Padra at 6 p.m. to attend the Awakin Circle at Manjalpur. However, on the way, I encountered heavy rain. I reached Akshar Chowk and got completely soaked. I came back from aksharchok only. Awakin got canceled.

**Thursday :**
- office work mostly 
- in evening I had a call with Ipsita and Rachita from YouCAN. We discussed design of fellowship and how I can be part of fellowship mentoring team. it was nice call.

**Friday :**

- mostly office work. Worked till late evening. 
- This Saturday I need to do first workshop with MSc student at MSU and then leave for Valsad (2 days office trip, I will be back on monday night)

**What else?**

- looking forward to meet srishti and suchkra on 5th oct 
- khoji club will not happen on this Sunday