+++
author = "Mihir Pathak"
title = "Week 33/2024"
date = "2024-08-17"
description = "weekly notes"
tags = ["weekly-notes", "Personal"]
+++

#### 10th to 17th August 2024

- spent time in house huntting
- found flat in building where amit bhai is living (narayanvadi). it is fully furnished 2BHK flat.
- my parents didn't like that Nidhi wants to live in different house

- on 13th aug we met Rameshwari ben and team at her office. Nidhi will do sessions at CLC and I will do khoji club every Saturday with wizkid children.
I am very very exicted for this opportunity. We can do SDL Projects, internship with children from this platform. I am looking forward..

- I am also looking forward to ramkrishna mission monthly sessions. Thodi pakki bat karni padegi uske liye. I am also looking forward to Nidhi's work at
Mitali ben's school.

- we shifted to new flat on 14th aug

- Golu came to vadodra on 15th aug
- Me and Nidhi had a call with Vishal bhai & Namrata di on 15th august
- Janantik bhai had meeting with our podcast group (satvika, impana)

- Gulmahor is good place to calm down myself, I feel satteled there
- prataham's work is going ok. on 14th I got new assignment to work on plasti literacy course. Writing scripts, assignments, course communication.
I am happy, I am enjoying it. I wrote the first script and Uma appricited it. I am taking it as a learning task. I am learning how to write for video format.
it is interesting, sometimes it feels meaningless when you rewrite according to people's feedbake. write - feedback - rewrite - repeat

- one more interesting thng. I am volunteering with youcan EEF new fellow interview. It super satisfying to listen young people about their passion project

- ok one not very plesunt thing : my parents didn't like that nidhi is not contrubuting fully at home after office work. other stuff I mentioned in last weekly note.
thoda bada jghda ho gaya, I am not going to padra back. Right now I am staying with Nidhi and Golu. Nidhi ne aur mene mummy ke sath achche se baat kar ke hamari man ki baat
bata di us vajhse thoda man halka hua. otherwise it was very very stressful situation

- I am not feeling setteled while living in this flat, I feel more setteled at gulmahor. sometome time I feel iriteted because of small small things from golu and nidhi
I need to learn to be calm, find my center. I have uninstalled instagram today and I need to leave linkedin too. It is having a bad effect on my mind. I need to set my rotion and stick to it.

- tommorow Nidhi's is going to facilitate her first workshop at vinoba ashram. it is in collbration with amit bhai / paper ball education

- I need to followup with Pooja (Reap Benefit) for bangalore visit, I need to reply anubhutee people with my plan

- Today vishal bhadani added me in group for one workshop. I am looking forward to it 

I think I have coverd most of the updates from the last week.



